Don't say
You and us Mr. Yan
It really looks alike
I am a poor migrant worker
Mingyan is always the richest man in Yuncheng
How can I compare to him?
What happened to the richest man in Yuncheng?
Not a 30-year-old bachelor
An old age
Not even honest
He's only 29 and not 30 yet.
Something like that.
By the way, actually
Let me tell you a secret.
Ah, you said that our cousin uncle of Yan Tong
It's Mr. He who wants to force me
He has quirks
His previous predecessors
They were all tortured to death by him.
I see.
Yan is always his cousin grandson
I think there must be some quirks too
Otherwise, why are you so old?
There's no one, right?
Damn this surnamed He
Injury to my image in my wife's heart
Just put him in jail
So biased
In fact, don't worry.
I am your wife
Then they like me again
I will never move on.
In fact, it's okay to move on
What are you talking about?
I... you don't want me anymore
It's not that mom doesn't want me
Dad doesn't want me, not even you
Qingqing, I don't want you
It's true. It's true.
I like you too late
How could I not want you?
that
So you're married to me?
Why don't you have sex with me?
Pardon me?
I want a bridal chamber